docs: document NG_TRUST_PROXY_HEADERS environment variable for AngularNodeAppEngine (#68393)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/guide/security.md

});
```

> For the Node.js variant `AngularNodeAppEngine`, you can also provide `NG_TRUST_PROXY_HEADERS` (comma-separated list) environment variable for allowing the usage of these headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the Node.js variant `AngularNodeAppEngine`, you can also provide the `NG_TRUST_PROXY_HEADERS` environment variable (with comma-separated list of headers as a value) to allow the usage of these headers.
```
